docs/dataform_in_wsl.md, before:

#### _The instruction describes how the Dataform is configurated and run on the local PC using the WSL tool (Ubuntu)._ 

### Install all necessary utils on a local PC
1. Instal WSL on a local PC (Windows PowerShell by Administrator)
    ```shell
    wsl --install -d ubuntu
    ```
2. Edit etc/sudoers to password entering disable
    ```shell
    sudo nano /etc/sudoers
    ```
    Add the next string at the end of the config file:   
    `dbuza ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL` 


3. Global configuration for the WSL (optional)
   1. Create file .wslconfig in folder C:\Users\<UserName> in the Windows
   2. Add the next string in the file .wslconfig:
      ```
      # Settings apply across all Linux distros running on WSL 2
      [wsl2]   
      
      # Limits VM memory to use no more than 4 GB, this can be set as whole numbers using GB or MB
      memory=16GB 
   
      # Sets the VM to use two virtual processors
      processors=8
      ```
   3. Drop and recreate /etc/resolv.conf file with default DNS servers
      ```shell
      sudo rm /etc/resolv.conf      
      echo -e "nameserver 8.8.8.8\nnameserver 8.8.4.4" | sudo tee /etc/resolv.conf
      ```
   4. Add the next config to the '/etc/wsl.conf' file to prohibit automatic overwriting of resolv.conf file
      ```shell
      sudo nano /etc/wsl.conf       
      ```
      ```int
      [network]
      generateResolvConf = false
      ```      
   5. Restart WSL (in a PowerShell of Windows):
      ```shell
      wsl --shutdown
      ```
   6. Check using the next command in the Ubuntu(Linux)
      ```shell
      htop
      ```

4. Mounting worked Windows folder to the home WSL directory (optional)
   1. Create a new directory (e.g. 'git')  
      ```shell
      mkdir git
      ``` 

   2. Edit ~/.profile to worked folder mounting
      ```shell
      nano ~/.profile       
      ```
      Add the next string at the end of the config file:      
        ```
        # mount git folder
        win_dir=D:/dev_envs/dimonet/GIT
        wsl_dir=/home/dbuza/git
        sudo mount -t drvfs $win_dir $wsl_dir -o "metadata,rw,noatime,dirsync,mmap,access=client,msize=262144,trans=virtio"
        # Change permision
        sudo chown -R root:$(whoami) $wsl_dir
        sudo chmod -R 775 $wsl_dir
        ``` 

5. Install nodejs(npm)    
   1. Install nodejs 
      ```shell
       sudo apt install npm
      ```
   2. If you got error: ```E: Unable to locate package npm```, try to update apt-get
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get update
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get upgrade
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get install npm
      ``` 
   3. Update version of the nodejs
      ```shell
      sudo npm cache clean -f
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo npm install -g n
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo n stable
      ```   


6. Install dataform
    ```shell
    sudo npm i -g @dataform/cli
    ```


7. Instal and configure Cloud SDK using the next command:
    1. Gcloud Initialising
        ```shell
        gcloud init
        ```
    2. Create application_default_credentials.json. It is necessary for "dataform init-creds"
        ```shell
        gcloud auth application-default login               	


### Run Dataform on a local PC

1. Create a new Dataform project
    ```shell
    dataform init bigquery cdw --default-database dataform-tutorial-412218 --default-location us-central1
    ```
   
2. Create a credentials file  .df-credentials.json
    ```shell
    cd dataform_example/edw/df    
    ```
    ```shell    
    dataform init-creds bigquery
    ```
    _NOTES: the correct "Region" and "ProjectID" should be set absolutle the same like in the GCP datasets_


3. Dataform run model
    ```shell
    cd GIT/dataform_example/edw/df
    ```
    ```shell
    dataform compile
    ```
    ```shell
    dataform run --dry-run
    ```
    ```shell  
    dataform run
    ```


### Shutdown WSL session
1. In the PowerShsell
   ```shell
   wsl --list --running
   ```
  
 
2. Find the session's name and terminate it 
   ```shell
   wsl -t Ubuntu
   ```
   

3. Or shutdown all existed session 
   ```shell
   wsl --shutdown
   ```

Commit message:

Fix folder mounting after Windows upgrade ()

docs/dataform_in_wsl.md, after:

#### _The instruction describes how the Dataform is configurated and run on the local PC using the WSL tool (Ubuntu)._ 

### Install all necessary utils on a local PC
1. Instal WSL on a local PC (Windows PowerShell by Administrator)
    ```shell
    wsl --install -d ubuntu
    ```
2. Edit etc/sudoers to password entering disable
    ```shell
    sudo nano /etc/sudoers
    ```
    Add the next string at the end of the config file:   
    `dbuza ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL` 


3. Global configuration for the WSL (optional)
   1. Create file .wslconfig in folder C:\Users\<UserName> in the Windows
   2. Add the next string in the file .wslconfig:
      ```
      # Settings apply across all Linux distros running on WSL 2
      [wsl2]   
      
      # Limits VM memory to use no more than 4 GB, this can be set as whole numbers using GB or MB
      memory=16GB 
   
      # Sets the VM to use two virtual processors
      processors=8
      ```
   3. Drop and recreate /etc/resolv.conf file with default DNS servers
      ```shell
      sudo rm /etc/resolv.conf      
      echo -e "nameserver 8.8.8.8\nnameserver 8.8.4.4" | sudo tee /etc/resolv.conf
      ```
   4. Add the next config to the '/etc/wsl.conf' file to prohibit automatic overwriting of resolv.conf file and auto mounting Windows folders (Windows folders will be mounted in the /mnt/)
      ```shell
      sudo nano /etc/wsl.conf       
      ```
      ```int
      [network]
      generateResolvConf = false
      
      [automount]
      enabled = true
      root = /mnt/
      options = "metadata,umask=0022,fmask=0011"
      ```      
   5. Restart WSL (in a PowerShell of Windows):
      ```shell
      wsl --shutdown
      ```
   6. Check using the next command in the Ubuntu(Linux)
      ```shell
      htop
      ```

4. Install nodejs(npm)    
   1. Install nodejs 
      ```shell
       sudo apt install npm
      ```
   2. If you got error: ```E: Unable to locate package npm```, try to update apt-get
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get update
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get upgrade
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo apt-get install npm
      ``` 
   3. Update version of the nodejs
      ```shell
      sudo npm cache clean -f
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo npm install -g n
      ```
      ```shell
      sudo n stable
      ```   


5. Install dataform
    ```shell
    sudo npm i -g @dataform/cli
    ```


6. Instal and configure Cloud SDK using the next command:
    1. Gcloud Initialising
        ```shell
        gcloud init
        ```
    2. Create application_default_credentials.json. It is necessary for "dataform init-creds"
        ```shell
        gcloud auth application-default login               	


### Run Dataform on a local PC

1. Create a new Dataform project
    ```shell
    dataform init bigquery cdw --default-database dataform-tutorial-412218 --default-location us-central1
    ```
   
2. Create a credentials file  .df-credentials.json
    ```shell
    cd dataform_example/edw/df    
    ```
    ```shell    
    dataform init-creds bigquery
    ```
    _NOTES: the correct "Region" and "ProjectID" should be set absolutle the same like in the GCP datasets_


3. Dataform run model
    ```shell
    cd /mnt/d/dev_envs/dimonet/GIT/dataform_example/edw/df
    ```
    ```shell
    dataform compile
    ```
    ```shell
    dataform run --dry-run
    ```
    ```shell  
    dataform run
    ```


### Shutdown WSL session
1. In the PowerShsell
   ```shell
   wsl --list --running
   ```
  
 
2. Find the session's name and terminate it 
   ```shell
   wsl -t Ubuntu
   ```
   

3. Or shutdown all existed session 
   ```shell
   wsl --shutdown
   ```
